DEPLOY.md, before:

# BenchBook AI — Deployment Guide
**Target: TN Judicial Conference, February 23, 2026**

---

## Quick Start (15 minutes)

### Step 1: Create Supabase Project
1. Go to [supabase.com](https://supabase.com) and sign in
2. Click "New Project"
   - Name: `benchbook-ai`
   - Region: `US East (N. Virginia)` (closest to TN)
   - Generate a strong database password (save it)
3. Wait for project to provision (~2 minutes)

### Step 2: Run Database Migrations
**Recommended (CLI):**
```bash
SUPABASE_PROJECT_REF=your-project-ref ./scripts/deploy_supabase.sh
```

**Manual (SQL Editor):**
1. In Supabase Dashboard, go to **SQL Editor**
2. Paste the contents of `supabase/migrations/20260204_initial_schema.sql` and click **Run**
3. Paste the contents of `supabase/migrations/20260206_waitlist.sql` and click **Run**
4. Paste the contents of `supabase/migrations/20260209003525_init_chat_persistence.sql` and click **Run**

### Step 3: Configure Environment
Copy your Supabase credentials from Dashboard > Settings > API:

Create/update both `app/.env.local` and `.env.local`:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=https://your-project-ref.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=eyJhbGciOi...your-anon-key
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-proj-xtdSjPLkb85...
```

Optional automation:
```bash
BB_WRITE_ENV=1 NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=... NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=... \
  SUPABASE_PROJECT_REF=your-project-ref ./scripts/deploy_supabase.sh
```

### Step 4: Sign Up & Seed Demo Data
1. Start the app: `cd app && npm run dev`
2. Go to http://localhost:3000/login
3. Click "Create Account" — use your real email
4. Check email for verification link, click it
5. In Supabase SQL Editor, paste `supabase/seed-demo-data.sql` and click **Run**

### Step 5: Verify
- Dashboard: Shows 5 cases, upcoming hearings, compliance alerts
- Chat: Ask "What are detention criteria?" — should return AI response with TCA citations
- Docket: Shows 7 hearings over next 2 weeks
- Documents: 3 sample documents in different states

---

## AI Chat Setup

The chat works in 3 modes (automatic fallback):

| Mode | Requirements | Quality |
|------|-------------|---------|
| **Pinecone + GPT-4o** | PINECONE_API_KEY + PINECONE_HOST | Best — real vector search + AI |
| **Local Search + GPT-4o** | OPENAI_API_KEY + search server running | Great — numpy vectors + AI |
| **Demo Mode** | Nothing | Good — hardcoded legal responses |

### For the conference demo, Local Search mode is recommended:

1. Verify embedded corpus (6,325 legal chunks):
   ```bash
   ./scripts/deploy_rag.sh
   ```
2. Start search server (loads 6,325 legal chunks):
   ```bash
   cd /path/to/benchbook-ai
   python3 scripts/search_server.py &
   ```
3. Start the app:
   ```bash
   cd app && npm run dev
   ```
3. Chat will automatically use local search when Pinecone isn't configured.

### Optional: Pinecone Setup (for production)
1. Go to [pinecone.io](https://pinecone.io) and sign up (free Starter plan works)
2. Create index:
   - Name: `benchbook-legal`
   - Dimensions: `3072`
   - Metric: `cosine`
   - Cloud: `AWS us-east-1` (serverless)
3. Get API key from Pinecone console
4. Add to `app/.env.local`:
   ```
   PINECONE_API_KEY=pcsk_...your-key
   PINECONE_HOST=https://benchbook-legal-xxxxx.svc.aped-xxxx.pinecone.io
   ```
5. Upload vectors:
   ```bash
   UPLOAD_TO_PINECONE=1 PINECONE_API_KEY=pcsk_... ./scripts/deploy_rag.sh
   ```

---

## SST Infrastructure (PDF → Pinecone Pipeline)

This deploys the S3 bucket + PDF chunker Lambda + evaluation API.

```bash
PINECONE_API_KEY=pcsk_... OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-... LANGSMITH_API_KEY=lsv2_... \
  ./scripts/deploy_infra.sh
```

---

## Vercel Deployment

1. Push to GitHub (already done)
2. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com) and import `velocity-venture/benchbook-ai`
3. Set root directory to `app`
4. Add environment variables in Vercel dashboard:
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`
   - `OPENAI_API_KEY`
   - (Optional) `PINECONE_API_KEY`, `PINECONE_HOST`
5. Deploy

**Note:** Local search server won't work on Vercel. For production, use Pinecone or Demo mode.

---

## Demo Script (3 minutes)

1. **Landing Page** (30s) — Show the marketing page, waitlist form
2. **Login** (10s) — Sign in as the demo judge account
3. **Dashboard** (30s) — Active cases, today's hearings, compliance alerts
4. **AI Chat** (60s) — Ask: "What are the requirements for a detention hearing?"
   - Show the AI response with TCA/TRJPP citations
   - Point out the source badges (TCA, DCS, TRJPP)
5. **Docket** (30s) — Show week view, click "Schedule Hearing"
6. **Documents** (30s) — Generate a detention order from template
7. **TCA Explorer** (20s) — Search "37-1-114", show expandable section

---

## Legal Corpus (Pre-loaded)

| Source | Documents | Chunks | Description |
|--------|-----------|--------|-------------|
| TCA Title 36 | 1 HTML | 4,434 | Domestic Relations |
| TCA Title 37 | 1 HTML | 1,576 | Juveniles |
| TRJPP | 44 text files | 137 | Rules of Juvenile Practice |
| DCS Policies | 25 PDFs | 178 | Child Protective Services |
| **Total** | **71 files** | **6,325** | **All embedded with text-embedding-3-large** |

---

## Architecture

```
User Query → Chat UI → /api/chat (Next.js API Route)
                          ↓
                    Auth Check (Supabase)
                          ↓
                    Rate Limiting (20/min)
                          ↓
                    Search (Pinecone → Local → Demo)
                          ↓
                    GPT-4o with RAG context
                          ↓
                    Response + Source Citations
```

---

## Support

All code is at: `github.com/velocity-venture/benchbook-ai`

Key files:
- `app/` — Next.js 14 app (frontend + API routes)
- `scripts/ingest_local.py` — RAG ingestion pipeline
- `scripts/search_server.py` — Local vector search server
- `legal-corpus/` — Source documents
- `supabase/` — Database migrations and seed data

Commit message:

feat: Update marketing copy to reflect comprehensive legal coverage
✅ ENHANCED SCOPE DESCRIPTION:
- Landing page now emphasizes 'ALL Title 36 & 37 TCA'
- Added 'complete TRJPP rules' and 'all DCS policies'
- Highlighted county local rules capability
- Updated corpus stats from specific numbers to comprehensive coverage
- Enhanced judge-to-judge value proposition

📝 DOCUMENTATION UPDATES:
- PRODUCT.md: Updated TCA integration description
- DEPLOY.md: Enhanced Legal Corpus section with comprehensive coverage note
- Demo script includes local rules mention

🎯 IMPACT: More accurate representation for Feb 23 TN Judicial Conference
Judge feedback: 'covers title 36 and title 37 of the Tennessee code annotated all of DCS policies and procedures. The Tennessee rules of juvenile practice and procedure. And your county's juvenile court Local rules can be added at the users request.'

DEPLOY.md, after:

# BenchBook AI — Deployment Guide
**Target: TN Judicial Conference, February 23, 2026**

---

## Quick Start (15 minutes)

### Step 1: Create Supabase Project
1. Go to [supabase.com](https://supabase.com) and sign in
2. Click "New Project"
   - Name: `benchbook-ai`
   - Region: `US East (N. Virginia)` (closest to TN)
   - Generate a strong database password (save it)
3. Wait for project to provision (~2 minutes)

### Step 2: Run Database Migrations
**Recommended (CLI):**
```bash
SUPABASE_PROJECT_REF=your-project-ref ./scripts/deploy_supabase.sh
```

**Manual (SQL Editor):**
1. In Supabase Dashboard, go to **SQL Editor**
2. Paste the contents of `supabase/migrations/20260204_initial_schema.sql` and click **Run**
3. Paste the contents of `supabase/migrations/20260206_waitlist.sql` and click **Run**
4. Paste the contents of `supabase/migrations/20260209003525_init_chat_persistence.sql` and click **Run**

### Step 3: Configure Environment
Copy your Supabase credentials from Dashboard > Settings > API:

Create/update both `app/.env.local` and `.env.local`:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=https://your-project-ref.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=eyJhbGciOi...your-anon-key
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-proj-xtdSjPLkb85...
```

Optional automation:
```bash
BB_WRITE_ENV=1 NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=... NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=... \
  SUPABASE_PROJECT_REF=your-project-ref ./scripts/deploy_supabase.sh
```

### Step 4: Sign Up & Seed Demo Data
1. Start the app: `cd app && npm run dev`
2. Go to http://localhost:3000/login
3. Click "Create Account" — use your real email
4. Check email for verification link, click it
5. In Supabase SQL Editor, paste `supabase/seed-demo-data.sql` and click **Run**

### Step 5: Verify
- Dashboard: Shows 5 cases, upcoming hearings, compliance alerts
- Chat: Ask "What are detention criteria?" — should return AI response with TCA citations
- Docket: Shows 7 hearings over next 2 weeks
- Documents: 3 sample documents in different states

---

## AI Chat Setup

The chat works in 3 modes (automatic fallback):

| Mode | Requirements | Quality |
|------|-------------|---------|
| **Pinecone + GPT-4o** | PINECONE_API_KEY + PINECONE_HOST | Best — real vector search + AI |
| **Local Search + GPT-4o** | OPENAI_API_KEY + search server running | Great — numpy vectors + AI |
| **Demo Mode** | Nothing | Good — hardcoded legal responses |

### For the conference demo, Local Search mode is recommended:

1. Verify embedded corpus (6,325 legal chunks):
   ```bash
   ./scripts/deploy_rag.sh
   ```
2. Start search server (loads 6,325 legal chunks):
   ```bash
   cd /path/to/benchbook-ai
   python3 scripts/search_server.py &
   ```
3. Start the app:
   ```bash
   cd app && npm run dev
   ```
3. Chat will automatically use local search when Pinecone isn't configured.

### Optional: Pinecone Setup (for production)
1. Go to [pinecone.io](https://pinecone.io) and sign up (free Starter plan works)
2. Create index:
   - Name: `benchbook-legal`
   - Dimensions: `3072`
   - Metric: `cosine`
   - Cloud: `AWS us-east-1` (serverless)
3. Get API key from Pinecone console
4. Add to `app/.env.local`:
   ```
   PINECONE_API_KEY=pcsk_...your-key
   PINECONE_HOST=https://benchbook-legal-xxxxx.svc.aped-xxxx.pinecone.io
   ```
5. Upload vectors:
   ```bash
   UPLOAD_TO_PINECONE=1 PINECONE_API_KEY=pcsk_... ./scripts/deploy_rag.sh
   ```

---

## SST Infrastructure (PDF → Pinecone Pipeline)

This deploys the S3 bucket + PDF chunker Lambda + evaluation API.

```bash
PINECONE_API_KEY=pcsk_... OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-... LANGSMITH_API_KEY=lsv2_... \
  ./scripts/deploy_infra.sh
```

---

## Vercel Deployment

1. Push to GitHub (already done)
2. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com) and import `velocity-venture/benchbook-ai`
3. Set root directory to `app`
4. Add environment variables in Vercel dashboard:
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`
   - `OPENAI_API_KEY`
   - (Optional) `PINECONE_API_KEY`, `PINECONE_HOST`
5. Deploy

**Note:** Local search server won't work on Vercel. For production, use Pinecone or Demo mode.

---

## Demo Script (3 minutes)

1. **Landing Page** (30s) — Show the marketing page, waitlist form
2. **Login** (10s) — Sign in as the demo judge account
3. **Dashboard** (30s) — Active cases, today's hearings, compliance alerts
4. **AI Chat** (60s) — Ask: "What are the requirements for a detention hearing?"
   - Show the AI response with complete TCA Title 36/37 and TRJPP citations
   - Point out the source badges (TCA, DCS, TRJPP)
   - Mention: "Plus your county's local rules can be added"
5. **Docket** (30s) — Show week view, click "Schedule Hearing"
6. **Documents** (30s) — Generate a detention order from template
7. **TCA Explorer** (20s) — Search "37-1-114", show expandable section

---

## Legal Corpus (Pre-loaded)

| Source | Documents | Chunks | Description |
|--------|-----------|--------|-------------|
| TCA Title 36 | 1 HTML | 4,434 | Complete Domestic Relations Code |
| TCA Title 37 | 1 HTML | 1,576 | Complete Juveniles Code |
| TRJPP | 44 text files | 137 | Complete Rules of Juvenile Practice and Procedure |
| DCS Policies | 25 PDFs | 178 | All DCS policies and procedures |
| **Total** | **71 files** | **6,325** | **All embedded with text-embedding-3-large** |

**Note:** County local juvenile court rules can be added upon request during onboarding.

---

## Architecture

```
User Query → Chat UI → /api/chat (Next.js API Route)
                          ↓
                    Auth Check (Supabase)
                          ↓
                    Rate Limiting (20/min)
                          ↓
                    Search (Pinecone → Local → Demo)
                          ↓
                    GPT-4o with RAG context
                          ↓
                    Response + Source Citations
```

---

## Support

All code is at: `github.com/velocity-venture/benchbook-ai`

Key files:
- `app/` — Next.js 14 app (frontend + API routes)
- `scripts/ingest_local.py` — RAG ingestion pipeline
- `scripts/search_server.py` — Local vector search server
- `legal-corpus/` — Source documents
- `supabase/` — Database migrations and seed data
